Add Phoronix Test Suite and Spring Cloud Config files (#389)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/spring_cloud_config.md

---
name: Spring Cloud Config
category: Miscellaneous
description: Spring Cloud Config offers centralized management of external configurations for distributed applications. It handles both server and client-side settings, allowing apps to pull configurations from sources like Git repositories or databases.
download_url: https://github.com/phoronix-test-suite/phoronix-test-suite/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 4.0.0
    release_date: 2022/12/20

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-config/docs/current/reference/html/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: 
        partner_content: 
        official_docs: https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-config/docs/current/reference/html/#_quick_start
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date: 

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: 
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. Installation and testing are done via java-17 using tar archive [4.0.0](https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/releases/tag/v4.0.0). 

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. Installation and testing are done using tar archive [4.0.0](https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/releases/tag/v4.0.0), along with java-17.
```
